Sixth Prince
You just deliberately brought the topic to the fundraiser
And keep winking at me
I guess it means something else
It seems that you are smarter than I thought
Fundraising
It has always been the Zhou family and the Qian family working together
I suspect they are doomed
Just suffering from no evidence
So I want to use you to find out their bottom line
It is rare for the Sixth Prince to have this thought
Then let's work together
Just wanted to raise 1 million two
Is it difficult?
Don't worry, it's on me.
Then there's Lao Fu Ma Ye
How to quickly see 1 million
The world has too much production technology
There are probably a few common cloth skin colors.
If I could send the dye to the customer
What 1 million?
Qin Weiyang
I think you went to the palace and scared your brain out
Do you know what 1 million is?
How dare you say
Don't worry, Messi.
I have figured out a way
I need the servants in the mansion to find some plants
I want to extract plant pigments
What are plant pigments?
Don't worry, you'll know soon.